[HOTFIX] fix: add note about lb error behavior and timeout config (#429)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/build/edge-application/load-balancer.mdx

The balancing method defines how the load will be distributed among your origins.

:::note

> **Load Balancer** will query the origins according to the balancing method and weight they're assigned. If an origin returns a `4xx` or a `5xx` error, or takes longer to respond than the [timeouts](/en/documentation/products/edge-application/origins/#timeouts) defined in the origin, the Load Balancer will override the balancing method and weight to query the remaining origins before returning an error to your users.

Reviewer: "Load Balancer"ou "the load balancer"?

Author: O produto mesmo, acho que não existe uma entidade load balancer, como é um origin type. :/

> **Load Balancer** will query the origins according to the balancing method and weight they are assigned. If an origin returns a `4xx` or a `5xx` error, or takes longer to respond than the [timeouts](/en/documentation/products/edge-application/origins/#timeouts) defined in the origin, the Load Balancer will override the balancing method and weight to query the remaining origins before returning an error to your users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Load Balancer** will query the origins according to the balancing method and weight they're assigned. If an origin returns a `4xx` or a `5xx` error, or takes longer to respond than the [timeouts](/en/documentation/products/edge-application/origins/#timeouts) defined in the origin, the Load Balancer will override the balancing method and weight to query the remaining origins before returning an error to your users.
```

Reviewer: 'Load Balancer" or "the load balancer"?

> To customize this behavior, [contact the Support team](https://tickets.azion.com/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To customize this behavior, [contact the support team](https://tickets.azion.com/).
```
